Claudia: Guys
Claudia: I updated the code on the master branch, please use the code in the updated_website folder, do not use the app.js outside of that folder, please use the code inside that folder! Thanks
Claudia: The main code should run now since it worked on my localhost
Fatin: I don't get the require flash error when using updated_website on the master
Claudia: So Ali is working on chat rooms and awesome
Fatin: I made a profile page called myprofile.ejs in the views folder. I didn't show everyone so feel free to check it out
Hanna: Am really sorry guys I am really sick 
I just woke up and missed everything 
How is everything going
Claudia: It's okay
Claudia: We split the tasks, ahmad has the paper with the tasks split up
Claudia: So ahmad maybe you can transcribe it into the group chat? Thanks
Hanna: Ok great
Claudia: Ye
Ahmed: Hey guys! I'll post the meeting minutes asap, but I wanted to mention that we are planning to meet this Saturday at 2:00 to work on the project
Ahmed: Who can make it then?
Tashnim: I'll be there on Saturday
Hanna: Me too
Ahmed: Hey guys! Here are the meeting minutes from Thursday:
	We discussed what we did and what we need to do. We came to the conclusion that we need to work at a faster pace and get things done, and we may drop some features.
Ahmed: We decided to make a forum where a professor can post questions directly for students to discuss, as well as to make surveys generic and a survey results page using bar graphs to show results.
Ahmed: So here is the task split up:
- Finish user story 6: Ahmad/Fatin/Hanna
- Finish user story 5: Claudia/Andrew/Ahmad
- Make forum with direct posts: Cynthia/Tashnim
- Chatroom: Ali
Hanna: Thank you so much man good work everyone 
Hope you all did well in the quiz
Ahmed: Anyhow, we gotta step up for the project.
Ahmed: we got only three weeks left and we didn't link any features to the frontend
Ahmed: Also, there's a bit of disorganization in the frontend, as we're each making views that some of us aren't aware of.
Ahmed: I'm thinking tomorrow we can organize the project and the team a bit better.
Fatin: We should dismiss the  appointment booking feature. We won't have the time  I believe. Let's focus on the quality of the chat, forum and surveys
Fatin: It seems most of the teams are using a front end framework such as Bootstrap instead if coding from html and css from scratch.
Fatin: Apparently using bootstrap is easy and it gives a professional look to the page.
Cynthia: I did html and css from scratch
Cynthia: But yeah bootstrap looks nice
Fatin: It must have been difficult to code from scratch
Fatin: Let's agree to use bootstrap. Does everyone agree
Ahmed: yep
Claudia: Imma come tmr
Claudia: Update on the website : I've added database feature stuff
Ahmed: Nice! Like what exactly though...
Claudia: It's for the survey page
Claudia: Like when a user enters their information then the information is entered into the database
Ahmed: Awesome, that's great!
Claudia: Yes :) is just gonna test it again just in case but it should work dw
Ahmed: That means I can start the graph page, right?
Claudia: Kinda ye
Ahmed: Cool ??
Claudia: I need to tweak the database a bit to add a field I hadn't figured how to do it
Claudia: But by this weekend, it should be done ??
Cynthia: Ooh thats great!!
Ali B: running a bit late but not by much
Claudia: It's okay
Claudia: Ru guys in class yet? I'm on the 8th floor
Hanna: On my way
Claudia: Same meet in front of door
Andrew: Me and ahmad we're coming
Claudia: Guys, so me and Andrew were working on the chat and have discovered some errors. The chat page is not infinite in that at a certain point, you cannot see the messages that are sent/received . Also if you reload the page without being logged in (that is you do localhost:3000/chat) the chat should not be displayed since we supposed to restrict access to only the logged in user . Maybe some of u guys can take a look at this tmr? We are currently making progress with the survey page database authentication.
Ali B: I'm actually looking into that as well
Claudia: Awesome????????thank you!!! ????
Claudia: For the chats right? Ur doing chats?
Andrew: Cool :)
Ali B: save for the cold part, that's all I've been doing tbh
Claudia: Ali : update on the authentication , I fixed it
Claudia: The authentication is blocked unless the user is logged in . I will commit my changes to GitHub
Claudia: So there's less work to do now ????????
Andrew: Good job Claudia :)
Ali B: very nice!
Claudia: Thanks guys!! The chat window still needs work
Claudia: Tho but at least one problem is fixed
Claudia: I will work on the surveys page now?
Claudia: Now
Claudia: Andrew did you push your code to GitHub? I forgot if you did
Andrew: Nop I didnt
Andrew: I still have to work on the database
Claudia: Oh okay it's alright
Fatin: The meeting is tomorrow at 2pm right?
Tashnim: Yes!
Cynthia: Omg i just woke up so i wont be able to be there for 2pm lmao
Cynthia: I'll be there for 3pm
Ahmed: Currently at school now
Ahmed: I'm gonna try to find a place for us to work at.
Fatin: I should be there at around 2:20
Claudia: Hey guys i can't make it today:/ I'm so sorry , I woke up and I'm really sick, im working on my part tho it's going well, I'll commit the code to
GitHub when I'm done (im almost done)
Ahmed: Ok, it's all good Claudia, let us know if you need reviewers
Claudia: Okay cool I'll let ya know asap
Andrew: I'm also working on my part, i'll commit my part once I have the data inserted properly in the database
Claudia: Cooo
Claudia: Cool
Cynthia: My bus is supposed to pass at 1:43 and its 1:55 and it's still not there... Which means im going to miss my second bus lmao
Cynthia: If its alright with you guys i could also work on my part at home
Ahmed: STM at its finest lol
Claudia: Yup and especially since it's the weekend
Ahmed: Yea it's all good, let's keep each other updated through Whatsapp then
Cynthia: Nah its the rtcr its 1000x worse lmao
Ahmed: What's RTCR?
Ahmed: Also, who actually is coming now lol?
Cynthia: Its the bus network outside of montreal
Cynthia: In lanaudiere
Tashnim: I'll be there around 2:45
Tashnim: Lol
Claudia: Hey guys
Claudia: I just committed my stuff to the updated_website folder
Claudia: Andrew: the thing I was working on. With the authentication of the professor/ta and students seem to work. I added a new dummy file called surveys-teachers which has a sample page, just remove that code and add ur code there ! Also look for Andrew comment in the routes.js
Ahmed: I'm in room 806.2 for those coming to school
Claudia: Front-end team: please add logout option to each page. Also, please fix the design of the signup page cause a random stackoverflow icon appears for the option of student and teacher/ta. Also please add options to go back on every page (to go back to the main page with forum and chat and all the pages). Also guys today please fix the pages to add cause I didn't include Fatin and hanna's profile page
Andrew: Alright, i'll take a look into that
Claudia: Cool
Ahmed: For the pages, let's keep them consistent and use bootstrap
Claudia: Ye
Claudia: Guys
Ahmed: Hanna and I made some pages from scratch, while some have used other techniques
Claudia: Should I just put all my code to master and delete the other ones ?
Claudia: Like now it's in a folder
Ahmed: I think so ye
Claudia: Cause I think my files are the latest ones?
Claudia: Okay il do that now
Claudia: And u guys can merge with my files so it's easier
Claudia: Instead of them being stuck in a random isolated foldrer
Fatin: I need a task asap
Claudia: Maybe u can work on front end ?
Claudia: @Fatin Front-end team: please add logout option to each page. Also, please fix the design of the signup page cause a random stackoverflow icon appears for the option of student and teacher/ta. Also please add options to go back on every page (to go back to the main page with forum and chat and all the pages). Also guys today please fix the pages to add cause I didn't include Fatin and hanna's profile page
Claudia: But before starting guys
Claudia: Let me organize the github now
Andrew: You could also fetch user info to the profile page
Andrew: No one has done it yet
Claudia: Yeah guys before starting let me just fix the code
Claudia: And I'll text u when I'm done should take like 5 mins
Claudia: Mins
Fatin: Kk
Cynthia: Is the main page the one with the chat??
Cynthia: I think we could make a new one....
Claudia: @Cynthia yup
Claudia: It's the chat.ejs file
Cynthia: Ok but maybe that should be just the chat and we could make another one like "welcome to connect concordia" with links to the chat, forum, etc ?
Ahmed: We should make a new one, doesn't really make sense that we don't
Ahmed: Hanna and I have made temporary designs for student and prof account pages, can someone look into that and modify them to be consistent with the other designs?
Ali B: feeling better today, but still not quite at 100%
Ali B: I'll work on my part from home if that's cool
Cynthia: ok thats good i'll work on a main page
Claudia: Okay guys just wait until the files are uploaded to main
Claudia: And then u guys can merge
Claudia: I am like literally done just gotta verify now
Cynthia: also guys please put comments in your code
Cynthia: we're evaluated on the quality of our code this sprint
Claudia: In the files?
Claudia: Ye I put comments
Cynthia: i think so
Ahmed: @Claudia is the master update done?
Claudia: Almost
Claudia: There was a file missing just testing a bit
Claudia: Will be done asap
Claudia: It's down
Claudia: Done
Claudia: Done not down
Claudia: U guys can download now
Ahmed: Guys
Ahmed: Let's make a google hangouts call
Ahmed: That way we can update each other in real timw ??
Ahmed: *timw
Ahmed: **time
Ahmed: Fatin will make the call, let us know when you'll join
Claudia: Guys I won't be able to join:( my mom just informed me that since I'm home I gotta bring my grandma to the eye doctor :(
Ahmed: Ok, no worries!
Ahmed: Hanna, Fatin and I will try to finish off user story 6 today
Ahmed: Claudia I think it would be better if we remove all of the master files and just make master the contents of the updated_website folder
Claudia: Yes that's what I did
Ahmed: It didn't seem to work though
Claudia: But the updated_website folder is still there I am not sure how to delete it from master, would anyone  know how to delete it
Claudia: Why?
Claudia: What happened
Ahmed: We're pretty much done for the day
Ahmed: We had trouble displaying info from the database to the page
Ahmed: We didn't get something working unfortunately
Ahmed: @Cynthia what do you mean by "main page" btw?
Ahmed: Cuz we have two account pages, one for profs and one for students
Ahmed: If you were thinking of that, you may just modify those pages
Ahmed: And then add them to the app
Ahmed: If not, then Fatin will link the account page to the chat page
Ahmed: Update on survey results page: I made a sample bar graph using html and js, but when I linked it and tried to run the app, the chart wouldn't appear.